feat(web-analytics): Add team-web-analytics (#6808)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/small-teams/web-analytics/objectives.mdx

## Q4 2023 Goals

> 1. Build the Web Analytics Prototype
>   - Build a prototype that we can use internally.
>   - Release to a few customers using feature flags.
>   - Start working towards the architecture to scale to a general release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Get 5 20k+ customers to turn PostHog on on their website
  - Build the dashboards to match 80% of functionality
  - Start working towards the architecture to scale to a general release
```
